ha ha new yen I've been talking to red
flowers hot young up-and-coming vegan
youtuber opinion maker leader of
left-wing dissonance everywhere red
flower shout-out to reg I think at the
end of the discussion I've come to the
conclusion that reg and I have so much
in common that we should merge our
channels into one YouTube channel for
the future for the future at the moment
you don't see much that going on anymore
you really do not see many earnest
collabs collaborations between YouTube
channels hi you know you do see these
kind of sniping sarcastic response
videos and mutually hostile criticism
but real cooperations used to been in
decline since 2015
maybe that's because since 2015 everyone
lost their faith in the idea that you
can eat unlimited carbohydrates locating
weight maybe it was the end of freely
sad diet that destroyed the spirit of
mutual assistance the cooperation I
don't know but reg I think that what we
can do is merge our channel to the one
because we have so much in common and
I'm going to have a vote I'm going to
have a poll on Twitter if the name of
the new channel should be abolish
reg locl I don't know somehow we got to
come up with a hybrid of the two name
I'd like to say that I was the first
person to make the suggestion that vegan
cheetah and supreme banana merged and
they could become supreme cheetah or
vegan banana both work anyway yes this
mashup proposal I think could go pretty
well there are two lessons I want to
draw from my discussions with reg over
the last few days you know I think there
are kind of different positive things
for people in the audience that to take
away from this what is you know when you
get into these types of political
discussions with someone someone you
maybe don't have a lot in common with or
maybe someone you do have a lot in
common with but the few things that are
differences between you are insuperable
obstacles the cooperation the latter
maybe the case of Richard I which is a
shame because
for the good of the movement we should
be building bridges across divisions
much much deeper than the ones that you
know separate me from reg in talking to
reg it was reminded of the importance of
really treating the other person's
argument as earnest now is not a
complaint you can accuse someone of
dishonesty you can't just ask someone it
quickly makes you being honest sometimes
somebody says that's so unexpected in my
voice
yes you do you really need that are you
just posturing is there something else
you're getting at what you know what's
what I do understand that and I've had a
lot of political conversations where you
do you do have to ask those questions
but I think it is important to phrase
such a question as a question not as an
accusation and not to take a hostile
assumption that the other person is
being intellectually dishonest or not
saying what they really mean and they're
not being forthcoming about their real
reasons for why they are presenting the
argument that they are so made in this
case you know when I express real
concern about black lives matter their
formal written constitution how it
really fails to find the objectives of
their movement fails to tell you what
methods they use and what actually that
is a very sincere critique on my part
it's very constructive critique in
theory they could take that criticism
and they could draft a new constitution
within 48 hours
and they could really recognize hey you
know what we can do better and doing
better may start with writing a
constitution that makes us accountable
to our donors count up to the public and
outlines what the steps are in the
future that we're going to take and that
could have a really positive impact on
everyone in your movement it can give
them meaningful hope and a sense of
direction and purpose like the slaying
of Tamir rice was shocking and tragic
and it was in newspaper headlines but
what is the way forward when I look at
the constitution of black lives matter I
don't see anything that gives me hope
for the future or anything that
addresses or redresses the underlying
problems with why and how Tamir rice got
shot and died and there are legal
reforms anyone could sit down and come
up with a list of new legislation that
you want
to change police services that would not
just benefit you know future people like
Tamir rice but would have lasting
impacts on how justice is served in the
United States from coast to coast
obviously for white people as well as
black people or Asian people or anyone
else if I were an American citizen which
I'm not I'm Canadians I'm not involved
anyway the American legislation on
so-called no-knock raids is horrifying
and again it can victimize black people
or Hispanic people or white people or
anyone else I did actually read a case
which was a Southeast Asian family I'm
sorry I forget now actually if they were
from Cambodia Laos
I think they were I think they were
Lotion when I read the story you know I
saw their name is not where they were
they from and their baby an infant was
facially marred for life his baby was
really really seriously injured for the
rest of its life and the apparently
facial scarring and ever have to have
reconstructive surgery because a
no-knock raid was done against their
house with absolutely no evidence aside
from an anonymous phone call and no an
anonymous phone call called in a tip and
then they had this SWAT team throw in
percussion grenades and kick down the
door and and come in and stone the house
now and this baby was was you know one
of the percussion grenades which is a
non-lethal you know weapon but it went
in through the window and went off into
baby's crib now this is absolutely
horrible outcomes but everything about
this process this can be addressed by
new legislation everything once you make
a flowchart what went wrong in the Tamir
rice shooting these things can be
addressed by specific legislation but
now you look at the constitution of
black lives matter and there is no hope
that they're going to do anything to
address or improve police conduct United
States there is no possibility and if
you donate money to black lives matter
you are a very very vague sense I mean
it's somewhat mystifying what they're
going to do with that money
they're gonna build the community
again you can see my earlier video we
actually read the Constitution what
they're promising to do how they're
going to do it it's much more worrying
than it is promising and on the flip
side is appointed repeatedly they do not
exclude violence which I demand of
everyone even within the vegan movement
even someone like Gary Yourofsky it's
very very problematic with respect I'm a
harsh critic of euros Ski and Gary
Yourofsky instead from his perspective
he's a critic of the a LF the Animal
Liberation Front he considers the Evolet
the Animal Liberation Front not violent
enough he is pro violence and he's not
the only person to movement who's taken
that position that is I mean it's it's
an open source of debate but given that
I had this very strong anti violence
stance even when we're looking at vegan
activists vegan activists who are
relatively harmless who are not taking
on police services and state power in
the same way of course you should expect
to see the same level of concern applied
when I look at the constitution of black
lives matter I do genuinely feel that
black lives matter has squandered an
opportunity to bring about positive
political change an opportunity of a
kind that happens much less often than
once per generation it's incredibly rare
to have the opportunity that they had
and they squandered it now you can
disagree with me reg can disagree with
me and he does but you can't really
disagree with me if you're treating my
argument as insincere
my concern about violence is sincere
it's not a smokescreen for some other
protective or some other intention my
disapproval ethically my disapproval of
their constitution is very sincere I'm
someone with a background in political
science who reads that Constitution and
I'm disappointed it's not I'm not
posturing I'm not faking there's not a
smokescreen it's not something else in
my mind
I'm telling you sincerely I regard this
as an ended an immoral document as a bad
Constitution in every sense the word as
well as being disappointing and just
utterly failing to give a sense of hope
direction or purpose in addressing
issues that I do also care about
though it is not my field right I am a
white Canadian I could have in theory
made the choice to major in American
Studies that was a topic offered at my
university I could have directed my
research efforts and energy into black
communities in Detroit I think I would
have been quite unwelcome doing
humanitarian work or research in
african-american areas Detroit rather
than doing what I did do which was to
try to get involved in places like Laos
and Cambodia and then after that in a
very different period of my life
getting involved to creating the Aegean
you can use my two lessons from this you
know conversation with red flowers one
if you're going to engage in this kind
of political discourse you cannot do so
with the assumption that the other
person is being insincere when they
really are stating what their concerns
are what their disagreements are what
their ethical position is what it is
they're they respond to that way I dress
the conversation into a dead end and -
you have to approach these conversations
with awareness of how your own
specialization inevitably entails that
other people are not going to have that
much in common with you I go into that
conversation instead is repeatedly to
rage look we're both vegan but beyond
that I don't expect you to have that
much in common with me I'm not sitting
down this conversation saying to you why
aren't you outraged about the last
Cambodian elections
why aren't you right now organizing and
militating and making videos about the
upcoming Cambodian elections why don't
you share my ethical concerns or my
outrage about a de la Paz cat a lot of
you watch this video will never heard
the word at a Wobs gay before why don't
you care about the mohawks or the edge
of where the Cree it's just not his
issue and on the one hand you can be in
a situation where someone is just being
unreasonable because they're demanding
you must care about the same things I
care about otherwise you're a terrible
person you know whether that's black
lives matter as a movement
or any other example you want to choose
and on the other hand it's just
unreasonable to sit down a conversation
like that and think that we're going to
have a whole lot in common
instead of having a kind of accepting
and welcoming attitude of look this is
who I am
this is my background given that my view
of the world is shaped by historical
examples like Cambodia and Laos and
Russia and China you know and indeed you
know the Korean the achieve weight their
historical experience and a Tawaf escape
for those you're kind of kgel it you
know sure these are things that matter
to me in my life if you want to talk to
me about
Tamir rice and what happens next okay I
care I'm interested but you can't come
into this with a sort of false
expectation that I must agree with you
that I must share your views and your
values and that if I don't there's
something wrong with me it would be just
as absurd if I came into the
conversation with the expectation that
you must care about Cambodian democracy
you must care about the history of the
American bombing Cambodia for that
matter and that if you don't there's
something wrong with you ah ba Liu Shen